hey guys what's going on it's quick time
in here so I want to give a massive
thank you to everybody who's been
subscribed to my channel recently I
actually hit 50,000 50,000 people
subscribe to my channel a couple of
weeks ago crazy number i actually never
thought I'd get to that number because
you know starting my youtube channel I'm
actually had one a couple of years ago
which I had 2000 or 3000 subscribers
around two years and I just grinding
getting 200 use of video so I know I
know what the grind is like I know the
grind is real I know it's hard to go on
youtube because all so much content out
there right now so what's what you guys
about a new series which i'll be
starting up and also i just wanted to
make a really short video just saying
thanks so i thought i'd put two and two
together and make this video so first of
all guys the new series which i'll be
starting at will help some content
producers out there who aren't actually
getting the recognition that they
deserve so i've actually seen some
really talented GTA youtubers out there
who have really good stuff but they're
not getting the views that they may be
deserve and also i wanted to actually
start this series up a while ago but i
didn't get enough clip sent in to my my
channel to actually make the series like
I'd wanted to be so so what I'm talking
about here is a top 5 series which will
have a new theme to it every single week
so for example I know that you guys have
actually seen other youtubers do like
top five starts now I would be doing
something like top five kills as the
first week and then the second week I
could do top five ways to die in GTA and
that could even do top 5 stunts as one
of them so I come up with like a new
theme every single week I haven't
actually thought of all the themes yet
but I'm sure could come up with some
really unique and creative ideas and
also you guys can actually comment down
below and tell me a theme that you'd
like to see so maybe like top five tank
kills top five RPG kills I just thinking
out loud here not really too sure but
for the first week I want to do top five
kills so this could be any weapon I
could be any way to kill somebody so it
could even be flying your helicopter
into somebody else's and it blows up a
car and it blows up a truck or something
really creative or even if you're just
running along and you accidentally hit
the trigger button and it snipe some guy
200 feet away in a helicopter that would
be extremely creative if you manage to
do that so
oh that's just some ideas there guys so
if you actually do want to send your
clips into this series then all the
rules and all the information will be in
the description of this video now I'm
going to go ahead and give you guys some
some guideline of what I'm gonna be
looking for so obviously the more
creative is going to be the better at
the end of the day that can only be five
clips I can use and I have to choose the
best five out of all the clips I get
sent in so it's going to be a lot of
decision making a lot of things to go
through and you know a lot of time spent
trying to find the best stuff for you
guys to watch so to send this in you
guys need to send me a YouTube message
you do this by going on to my youtube
channel which is quick timing YT and
then go to the about tab and click send
message and then you can make the title
of that message top 5 and then you can
put the theme of the week so kills for
this week and then just describe what
you did in the clip and then put a link
to your clip it would be better if the
clip was actually unlisted but doesn't
have to be and then just below that give
me permission to use your clips or
something like I give quick timing YT
full rights to edit / use this clip or
something along those lines I actually
leave I'll put something in description
so it's a bit more clearer to you guys
what you have to say exactly so that's
pretty much it guys make sure you do
send your clips and I do need to go
through all these and find the best ones
and then I can hopefully make a really
cool series of it I also know that
YouTube messaging sometimes a little bit
buggy so I will actually leave an email
address down below so if you want to
send your YouTube URL to that email
address but then actually give me
permission in the email address to use
your clip then that's also another way
of sending it clips in but besides that
guys that's how you do it it's really
simple all the rules will be in the
description please do send your stuff
and can't wait to go over it and review
it and once again guys thank you for
50,000 subscribers catch you guys on
next one have a good day peace out
you